Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
QUATTRO: Which of my fabulous
fans should I take on today?
So many potential
targets to choose from.
Quinton: Your attitude
seriously concerns me, quattro.
I take it you understand
what your mission is today,
don't you, Trey?
Trey: Yes, brother.
The duelist they call shark
is still trying to track down
quattro.
Better hold on to
this number card.
I have a feeling that you'll be
running into each other very
soon.
Yuma: This is a strange
place to have a duel.
Caswell: Quattro
picked the spot.
Probably wanted Some place
quiet to avoid his fans.
I can't believe it's really you.
Hey bronk, who do you
think should go first?
Bronk: I dunno.
I suppose all three
of us could duel at once.
You two twerps are going
down with a big bang!
My giant will destroy
your feeble monsters,
and end this duel!
TORI: this is horrible.
You maniac!
They looked up to you!
Why did you do this to them?
Let's just say that I
find it highly entertaining.
Shark: Hello quattro.
Let's duel!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
This is payback day, quattro.
Hello, shark.
How are things?
You still upset about
our duel at the nationals?
When you got kicked out.
That never would've happened
if you didn't set me up.
You got me there.
By the way, how is that
precious sister of yours doing?
Shark's got a sister?
What happened to her
is all your fault.
I'll never forgive you.
You made me lose sight of who I
am as a person and as a duelist!
I know I'll never get to
change what I did back then.
But today, I get my revenge!
Well then let's duel.
Just make sure you
don't Peek at my deck.
What's this?
A duel anchor.
Now you and I can't separate
until we finish our duel!
Trey, this is between
shark and me.
You stay out of this!
I'm sorry.
But shark has no
numbers, brother.
So there isn't any need for you
to duel against him, now is
there? Vetrix Always says
our mission comes first.
I'll have to crush you later.
You can't leave!
Come on! I challenged you!
Well if you want me,
make it to the finals.
I've already got
my 5 heart pieces.
Good luck shark.
Quattro!
Calm down.
You'll still get to duel, shark.
You just get to duel me instead!
Astral: I have seen a
duel anchor before.
Kite used one just
like it against yuma.
Once it was attached,
there was no escaping.
It would seem that quattro and
his brother are indeed number
hunters, but what purpose
do they need numbers for?
Let's get Caswell some help.
Right.
Hey, I better come
with you guys.
No, you stay here
and support shark.
We can take care of
Caswell, don't worry.
Yuma, I agree that
you should remain here.
Alright.
I'll stay then.
Guess I'll have to deal with
your brother after I beat you!
It's crunch time!
I'm prepped and primed.
Then let's settle this.
Ready when you are!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
I'll go first, okay shark?
Ready or not...
I draw!
To start I'll activate the
field spell sunken kingdom!
Now any water attribute monsters
that get played gain 300 attack
points!
He should've warned
us we'd be underwater!
Give me an oxygen tank quick!
Yuma, this ocean
is virtual, remember?
Next I summon my
chronomaly Mayan machine!
And now I'll end things with a
facedown and turn it over to
you, shark!
What's that chronomono-Thingy?
You mean chronomaly.
They are artifacts that are too
advanced to have been built by
your primitive ancestors.
Who made them or where
they came from is a mystery.
Now, I draw!
I'm summoning hammer shark!
Thanks for playing this
sunken kingdom field spell!
Since my hammer shark is a
water monster, it gets 300
attack points stronger!
Unfortunately for you, monsters
that are level 4-Or-Below can't
attack chronomaly monsters
in the sunken kingdom.
Hammer shark is useless here!
You think this field
can shield your monster.
But...
I have a falling
current spell card!
This spell lets me pick a level
for my monster between one and
three.
So I'm gonna lower my
hammer shark by one level!
I see your deck is full of
surprises shark, But lowering
your monster's level
won't help you very much.
Tell that to big jaws!
Since I activated a spell card
this turn, I can let big jaws
loose to help me take a
bite out of your strategy!
But before I do anything, big
jaws powers up by 300 points!
And now I'll overlay my level 3
hammer shark and big jaws in
order to build the
overlay network!
Now I xyz summon
black Ray lancer!
Since Xyz monsters
don't have levels,
sunken kingdom can't stop
it from attacking your mayan
machine.
All right!
Great move!
Black ray lancer, go!
Attack With
Shimmering Spear slash!
Black ray lancer, go!
Attack With
Shimmering Spear slash!
I activate stonehedge methods!
When my chronomaly
Monster is destroyed,
I can summon any rock-Type
chronomaly monster that's level
4-Or-Below in defense mode.
So I'm summoning
chronomaly colossal head!
Guess I've done enough
damage for one turn.
You're up.
If you insist.
I draw!
And I summon
chronomaly golden jet!
And now I'm gonna activate the
spell card orichalcum chain!
This chain gives me a
missing Link when I need it!
So when I want to xyz summon,
I can do it using one fewer
monster.
Really?
But, using this spell
can be quite risky.
If my chain is destroyed,
you gain control of the xyz
monster that I summoned with it!
But there's no way I'm going to
let that happen, so do yourself
a favor and don't
even bother trying.
It's time to put my
spell Card into action.
First I'll overlay level 4
colossal head and golden jet!
Then with the help of my
orichalcum chain I can build the
overlay network!
I xyz summon
NUMBER 32: Shark Drake!
Very impressive.
It gets better.
Remember Sunken Kingdom will add
Three hundred attack points to
shark Drake's total!
Okay shark Drake, strike
down black Ray lancer!
Go Deep Sea destruction!
I activate shark Drake's
special ability!
After it destroys a monster in
battle, I can use an overlay
unit to summon the monster it
just destroyed back onto your
field.
Only now it's a
thousand attack points weaker!
Then Shark Drake can battle
that monster all over again!
That's double the attacks for me
and double the pain for you!
That sounds totally unfair!
He can attack
shark's monster again?
Indeed.
The ability is quite rare.
It is also quite effective.
Shark Drake is the most
relentless attacker you've ever
seen. It's gonna destroy your
monster all over again.
Go deep Sea destruction!
Shark!
You gonna be okay?
I'm gonna be fine!
One or two attacks
aren't enough to beat me.
Well just to be sure I'll give
you a break and end my turn.
But if you don't find a way to
stop shark Drake, this duel is
over.
What can shark do?
He's done for.
There is still one way for
him to prevail in this duel.
I must take his number.
Your number's gonna be mine,
and I'll stop at
nothing to get it!
I summon skull kraken!
And now I'm activating skull
kraken's special ability.
Once I summon this monster, I
can destroy a face-Up spell or
trap card that's on your field!
So I'm destroying
your orichalcum chain!
I did it!
Shark Drake is
under my control now!
perfect.
now that you've done exactly
what I wanted you to do, I can
complete my mission.
thanks for the help, shark.
What's wrong?
Number 32 SHARK DRAKE: Shark.
You will let me enter
your mind and soul.
With me as your ally,
you will no longer need the
help of your so-Called friends.
You're a good duelist.
I'll see ya around.
Thanks.
And hey, maybe we can
do this again sometime.
Aw come on, I thought
we were friends!
We are not friends,
you got that?
Why would you even
think that anyway?
Why would I think
we're friends?
Because we dueled.
I am all that you need in
This world. Let me take hold.
I don't need you.
I won't let you control me!
I'm in control and
you will obey me!
Okay, let's go!
he Should've been
possessed by the number!
Shark Has mastered
number 32's power.
No way!
Your plan backfired, Trey.
Go get him, shark Drake!
Deep Sea destruction!
Do it!
If this works, Trey will
get damaged big time!
No I won't!
I activate the trap
antikythira gear!
I can use this if you attack me
directly when you have two or
more monsters on your field.
It lets me take control of your
non-Attacking monster and put it
in defense mode!
Not so fast!
I activate my own trap card!
Extreme Pressure power lets me
destroy one of my monsters and
then draw a card from my deck.
Looks like I just
out-Trapped your trap.
Keep up with your attack.
Come on shark Drake!
I'll put two cards
facedown and end my turn.
He's tougher than we thought.
my mission was simple.
to give shark a number.
once I finished my assignment,
vetrix told me I should let
shark win the duel.
but he never said that I
had to make it easy for him!
Now shark, I draw!
And I play the spell
chronomaly technology!
Now if I banish a chronomaly
monster from my graveyard, I get
to draw two New
cards from my deck.
Then I send one
to the graveyard.
I summon chronomaly crystal
bones in attack mode!
I can summon this card when
you're the only one who has
monsters on the field!
And crystal bones' special
ability lets me bring back
chronomaly crystal skull
from the graveyard!
Rise up, crystal skull!
Now I overlay my level 3
crystal skull and crystal bones.
With these two monsters I build
the overlay network and xyz
summon CHRONOMALY
crystal chrononaut!
If I use an overlay unit, it
can't be destroyed in battle
this turn. And not only that,
you will take the damage that I
would've taken.
Say what?
To put it simply, your shark
Drake has a lot more attack
points than my chronomaly
Crystal chrononaut!
A thousand more!
And those extra points are
gonna come right at you!
Crystal chrononaut,
attack shark Drake!
Go reflect flash!
Attack Shark Drake!
Not good!
If this attack works, then...
face it, shark.
You are sunk!
Then I'll get un-Sunk!
With the spell plate salvage!
It's time for a
change of scenery.
Now your field spell Sunken
kingdom can't work for two
turns!
Whoa!
Who drained the bathtub?
That means sunken
kingdom's effect is history!
So now shark Drake
Loses 300 attack points!
Brilliant!
By eliminating the field spell's
effect, shark lowered his
monster's attack points to limit
its damage and save himself.
Only they're both down to just
three hundred life points!
This next attack should
determine the Winner.
I can't believe it!
shark is great at
thinking on his feet.
so I'm sure he'll try to use
shark Drake's special ability.
I should just let him win this
duel, but where's the fun in
that?
I'm ending my turn!
Throw your best at me, shark!
I draw!
Okay shark Drake, shatter
that crystal chrononaut!
Not so fast!
I'll use colossal head's special
ability to put the brakes on
Shark Drake!
When I banish this chronomaly
monster from my graveyard, I can
switch the monster on my field
from attack to defense mode!
I don't like this.
Trey can't take damage when a
monster is in defense mode!
Perhaps.
I activate shark
Drake's special ability!
By Using an OVERLAY unit When
shark Drake destroys a monster
in battle, it can bring it back
onto your field, but don't
forget, the revived monster now
has one thousand Less attack
points! And that's gonna
make you a prime target!
If you were hoping I'd forget
shark Drake's special ability,
you were wrong.
So now attack, shark Drake!
Actually I was right.
You see, I knew you'd master
that number's special ability.
So I'm ready with my trap
Chronomaly Ley line power!
A trap?
Exactly!
It's a trap that can exchange
the attack points of the two
monsters that are battling!
So now my Chrystal Chrononaut
is stronger than shark Drake!
Sorry, shark.
But it's over.
Yes it is.
You see, I expected you
to pull a move like that.
So I had the ULTIMATE counter
card up my sleeve to finally put
an end to this duel.
It's the trap card
sea King's verdict!
If your trap card activated
during a battle, this one
cancels it out!
Cancels it out?
Shark Drake, let's finish
this duel and finish them off!
Amazing!
Shark Totally
reeled that guy in!
This was a most
impressive victory.
Not bad, shark.
You get this win, but next
time will be different.
I made it to the finals.
And I look forward to
facing you there.
How did he win so
many duels already?
You can hold onto that
number card if you want.
Think of it as a
souvenir of our duel.
Where'd he go?
Yuma!
How's Caswell, Tori?
He'll be okay!
The med team told us he
just needs lots of rest.
That's great!
I'll be over as soon as I can.
Shark, wait!
Listen yuma, I want you
to keep your distance.
I still have a score
to settle with quattro!
But shark!
Why isn't he
letting us help him?
Come back!
now that shark has another
number, we will certainly have
to duel him again someday.
Vetrix: That was
excellent work, Trey.
Shark won't suspect a thing
because of the way you let him
win.
To be honest, I think shark
would have won no matter how
hard I tried.
You're just
being modest as usual.
But sir, shark wasn't possessed
by the number so I failed.
Not at all.
Your mission was a success!
There is now a seed of darkness
inside shark's soul that will
grow over time,
consuming him completely!